# perPLEXed
A terrible implementation sprinkled with lots of nothing from me more than likely.


Well, I thought the unlicense was that I don't give a fuck take it one, oh well small let down.

TL;DR: That ended up way longer than I even thought I could go. If you don't know networking wouldn't even bother as it's a long play on the intialism. I was laughing my ass off though, Cheers.

edit: well I guess commit cause who's not afarid of commitment. I started proofing it and then turned it into the fucked up story of tech so don't ready after thos other garb. That's really not read so i swould stop but holy shit was it funny writtning 

 I Just want to route them credits out to devs properly in whatever this junk of a thing will be. Then I can be the guy like " duuhhmmm, I made a thing I think" then run after a butterfly with my pinwheel hat and bad ass net. I know I don't care I just want to route them damn crabs off that dock and out those containers propeperly. I'm not calling them out by their prsion numbers that's for sure. The H-V/VMw is geting smaller and I got good at shrinking the sh ru even better at sh ip int br that lead to real big calls lkie sh ru int lo0, so yeah we got this. Maybe those little guys might move who knows. Throw a couple bouncers out front that'll put their asses in a blackhole if they don't behave. I don't mean ::1 go have fun lil guy, they'll send em off on a mission only they ain't coming back. It won't even be a far ohh that TTL got too high so he got replaced. It'll be down the street and while the'ey knock away then IC that these guys spawn quick so MP going to have to replace em. Maybe that''ll teach to not answer when the dude right next to em like they're blind all of a sudden. Maybe we'll get em so in line and willing to work they'll burrow and we put real players up there and get the bouncers that bounce the others cause we saw what happened back in the day with swarms and all that. You get the guys on deck making becoming that pimp then you have his boy come in whos miking everone go kick rocks without that password or ID oh boy I can se  em squirm now. That's when we throw em the same stuff they're made pof a get butrul laber cause I ainrt dealing with lateent so you better nutlate your self willing and start crawling cause SD is startng a sick game of WAN and yeah MP still here but he got LS to back em up so fucking get cracking.
 
 They start to crack and break down we got a watcher on that wall who will kick them so hard if not just say nah, Ip man says you're not even worth the SEC he got and that lock we have no key for you don't get to enjoy even though I know you wanted to. Hhey won't be getting drunk on that dock no more laughing it up when all I wanted to start was see a show or two. Make it worse people compaling when they're nobody even kickin their asses awake. They're already having a hell of a time and with the lil ones druink all dayme day etiher pull a scoredhed ether or force em in a little box and wonder what's hapopening . There's real danger with these damn swarn going on. Let get a break damn i know the subscription making you laught all day but we over here with the deaf fucking leading the blind like they going to do something bised walk into a fucking wall. Deaf dues screaming his damn heart out so I know I'm not watching these mother fuckers get swarmed now that's just wrong. Can have their have their big fat pipes like the king even though LA has the CP prople just the DC on the the other coast. We got got deaf pople signen their asses off explaing how he has a great meal eralier and blind dude just smiling saying how tyhat's a great idea. You thinkl they can afford that 802.3ad oh hell na. You guys off with you're fucking heads in the cloud so damn much now while we down here watch ing blind guys now buy digital clothes and couldn't even fucking see it to beigin. Poor fucker can even touch it but he's happy as hell. Those other rich folks know we using our little LAGGS while they bust fucking Watsion out of jepordy hall of fame and these same mother fuckers adn now talking about HeitZner like they were ever great and not sending us shit  all mal formed. Bitch you mother fuckers frame a car well how the fuck is you're shit that bad I'm paying a french moother fucker to at least do something whiel that poor sucker got ass raped and never even thought of making a no-compete clause. Hell even Cisco thought of that while his dumb as running aroung with the flash saying haha you'kl never get that nibblreet of code for free again and I'll prove it's not what you have but how you use it. Well no swhit mother fucker that's why everyone everywhere bases it off you dummy. Instead we on the losing end cause now I can't tab complete at 2 letter is have to type more so thanks for that go have fun in that sandbox while I'm fucking with  to drink being on that dock all day. So why I get to watch them fumble around cahsing eachother and be like yeah that did;t work lets fdo this I get to watch another be like nmayeb we should have stolen that code, my bad have shit you've been drolling over for ever. It'll all work out for sure. It worked out for a fucking stooner saying dude you're go8ing to reach and take over other markets from shit consumer stuff. Why not I'll make the best scraps just like the islands I've made of other OPN shit with dashes of balcked sad poeple just going pf. At least they had sense enough the take out they subit this prblem we can't fix so let's mitigate it with not having it come here and it'll all go away. I'm glad the and then the'lly burrow and we can get even better munkins to stand in front of them. Even if they don't I'm still the champ cause I got my tab game down. Nobody can tab complete a word like I can that's for sure. I don't care you discoverd how to stick that X in the middle and now the 30 million kagillion. I don't even care that hey dude always wanted control and now it doesn't matter so look I made a thing that's like yours. I ain't even mad it's been bloody muder like oh no rwere running out.... and now it's gown. Cuase guess what mother fucker it's back bigger than even and I'll take it. I make the shinest bronze you've ever seen and I'll get those blind moither fuckers to see their budy still screaming his heart out. And even with a swarm you still left us with at least a 100 more tunnels so who's launging. We'll get that transpacby going and take those other 300+ tunnels over and make it to X. Then we're still just way behing caouse that's fine cause  soon we'll be swarmed with little shit we can take up and down. I know peridge farm still remebers the day of a dedi but now it's bare metal and you can give those guys whoe can't even read sutff that's still posted from a decade agao and were going to make two fucking dot and stack em. then do that again and say 1st. Caus then you and all youre little swarm buddies still atin touching my 6 bill I';ll be rich from. I just so who's lauing now.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 # perPLEXed
A terrible implementation sprinkled with lots of nothing from me more than likely.


Well, I thought the unlicensed was that I don't give a fuck take it one, oh well small let down.

TL;DR: That ended up way longer than I even thought I could go. If you don't know networking wouldn't even bother as it's a long play on the initialism. I was laughing my ass off though, Cheers.

 I Just want to route them credits out to devs properly in whatever this junk of a thing will be. Then I can be the guy like " duuhhmmm, I made a thing I think" and then run after a butterfly with my pinwheel hat and bad ass net. I know I don't care I just want to route them damn crabs off that dock and out those containers properly. I'm not calling them out by their prison numbers that's for sure. I ain’t even going use their name just to be asked if I got that section number cause that’s silly. Oh, I can fix that by using a super star like it’s Mario now, or maybe you’re just tripping how he got all giddy one he touched that star. Not knowing is the point of a star so what.dafuq. *poof* how the hell I get here!! 

Umm hello, this don’t look like the right place, but I’m um I’m looking for some chefs who are puppet masters with the salt and something like they’ll landscape whilst also calling plays to little dock workers like a sick porno. I need to find out about these munchkins running around that will make it harder to watch my stuff too Traefik cop seems cool but I’m still not understanding these problems…. Ah fuck it dude sent me here so it must be the place and I bet you that doors unlocked and I’m already here.
Who the fuck thought that was a good idea. Unless you got naked bitches waiting for em which is probably who has that anyways that’s as crazy as saying there ain’t not hollering at the base even if there are some girls there so you ain’t tagging shit base level so better give me those digits instead. I get you don’t wanna flatten shit and that’s fair but I mean common guy, You guys would said say oh maybe 24 hours like were on telegraph time and people still thinking that. I can’t get a fuckin number and try to tpng that bitch to make sure she real before they’re like uh hello. 

 My favorite bitch crew are shrinking shit now instead of fighting. It goes from once ripping off a damn copy company to the other ripping off the little guy like nobody will notice since Apple dude did it making a killing and people didn’t know. Now tre lover feels bad for the paper and runs off to stop the mosquitos.  The other guys now part of a gang hawking utter crap and smoking weed thinking it’s a great idea to steal from the little ones again cause they don’t know nothing.  Oh great here’s a guy with toner who at least gave us the SR and that sweet IOV when you’re getting stoned and being somewhat smart who now is gonna dominate three fucking markets. All while apples had to fucking steal his company back he was so bad. Good thing he named it Next cause he did just that only to stumble into to fucking pixar the animated porn queen so he all I’m getting my company back and I’m taking all the button now bitch short that stock and fuck you Paul go play and let us be morons cause I like aplles learn to love em too. 
Then we get morons really coming forward like I like pez and another like I like books cause it’s the best thing since the printing press damn’t. Fucking liked books so much he’s killing it cause he read about service somewhere and screw it great service means I get my drones too. All this goes down while two really weird guys are mumbling don’t be evil were you done with that email cause I just wanted to proof read it I could. To now here comes red and I like read and bookworm already fucjd the mail up lets really piss em off and that whole standing in aisle looking at stuff that’s going bye-bye. That’s cool I guess since they fucked up DeCSS so sure how quick can you be cause it looks weird at the be kind fucking rewind of wait, what’s this guy doing to us.
What’s the hell is this. Well everyone likes Legos and never uses their eyes so you know I made a thing. I know it’s way worse than an Atari but hey it’s….shit fucking Tarazan came back I’ll take it! I heard agreat rumor from may masters at Atari that if go dig in the dirt where their dignity and last hope was buried you can find all the things but not at my mansion.  Oh you got money great here then sure, what the fuck people are attacking each other with script kiddes making businesses out of it when some dude takes the dumbest part of mario making you just fucking tap the screen?! Now and dude make 50k a day great, And here’s the librarian creeping out the corner again  


What is he saying is he now just mumbling, I mean he does read a lot. Did you want to rent my burger , um sure I’ll take a bite I guess, No! and then scurries off saying how he’s going to go and start renting that same fucking burger over and over cause if your eyes never said anything about dude with a notch on his belt then I know your mouth won’t and I love flames I’m on Fira. All this while a hacker is doing what he does and ends up in front of congress for some weird reason as everyone graps and is shoced that a hacker would even do such a thing. Well holy shit then I did misunderstand those drunk posts and everyone sprawled out and saying look at me I do drugs but they’ll never no cause the hamburgler is still running around  renting out that same damn buger I buit off of. Calling it a Balfawa cause fuck why not.
Maybe it’ll be better on the news cause shit I love fear factor and nope it’s now a reality show, or is that news. Oh wait dude from a court TV show is now a fucking killing machine meadia mogul show well do that too and these guys that like things short fuck yeah they follow us too cause they can’t even say tweety so I know you’ll never say never said about the bitches on there like a porn playground in plain sight. I guess all the companies wanting that follow must not care that a quick number change and bam you got snatch at 5. 

Now since the burgler is trying to tap a market with people like fuck flaps comes be lazy cause who want to just tap a screen and fire guys is burnig down he’s like no way buddy. I got a burger on a burger with a slider so you fuck you. We now discover the hidden wonders of a rancher like hey out in the alpine areas I gots me a whole confuser smaller than a damn game they be hawking. Great the don’t be evil teins like allphabit soup so much what are they going to do. Well we know not have to worry about congress. While apples have now started like I got the button but do like watches. His aplle a day wasn’t strong enough so nobody notices that we got the baba crew out east looking at use like you see these guys these virtual Russian nesting dolls what they hell they thinking cause this my turf bitch. I got them kids working all day getting you that stuff so you know what I like making things out of nothing in the sky too look at my pretty cloud. I see a gold mine how bout you.
Shit it’s the PB crew still telling themselves about no evil like monekys. Yeah we got a fucking millions of these fucker on that burger we just bought of a nut job. So what now cause we got a whole shit load of stuff everywhere. While the jungle crew rolls in like yeah well you forget you guys all started with my shit and I actually had to take shit out and this dude and really doing nothing but getting high so he like fuck you I’m moving away from your products and I know that shit was quicker that , and yeah it was really good buit fuck you damn’t I’m gonna buy some thing and make some things too. Lets get it on. 
 
So here’s dude who liked them apples ain’t around and have you seen that place. We go a baba out east who’s duping the same idiots who aren’t capitalist so weee, we go and get the biggest idiot out of any these others we got a bigger idiot about to lead us all like it’s going to go so great as it has been. 
All while we got people spending more than actual crack heads of game like Age of Empires or bubble bobble to now console like hey we fiannly fixed tha too many eople problem. You did? Yeah we kept is looking shitty but play it on this weet double platinum X I just released you love them visuals but just don’t ever play on your phone k. Just ignore the fact about those kids who hacked it to play media that’s nothing being cause were cool now you can actually get em on here now. Sweet can I opy the crap I have to record on it too, umm sadly not yet still working on that  but pugs I mean bpugggg. Fuck it it’s a mod based things anywas and ubi has to streal that crack to fix their shit so it is what it is.  
some stuff. I got good at shrinking the sh ru even better at sh ip int br that lead to real big calls like sh ru int lo0, so yeah we got this I graduated to a variable I’ll get those 2147483647. Maybe even those little guys might move who knows. Throw a couple bouncers out front that'll move em or might just put their asses in a blackhole if they don't behave. Not a fun kind like it’s gears and we’ll bounce in place having a blasé with ::1. I’m full null route so you scamper off go have fun lil guy. Those suckers will be so excited the they'll march right along on that mission only they ain't coming I’m just slight;gy shot en though. Then I’ll get that call about being slow in transit and laugh my ass off at how cure they It was talk to ya later cause now you kinda have to.  back. Maybe that’s too.  far going super devious so I send one not to far so the others don’t stom the gates it back some so they won’t go to then whoops ohh that TTL got too high so he got replaced. It'll be down the street and while the'ey knock away then IC that these guys spawn quick so MP going to have to replace em. Maybe that''ll teach to not answer when the dude right next to em like they're blind all of a sudden. Maybe we'll get em so in line and willing to work they'll burrow and we put real players up there and get the bouncers that bounce the others cause we saw what happened back in the day with swarms and all that. You get the guys on deck making becoming that pimp then you have his boy come in whos miking everone go kick rocks without that password or ID oh boy I can se  em squirm now. That's when we throw em the same stuff they're made pof a get butrul laber cause I ainrt dealing with lateent so you better nutlate your self willing and start crawling cause SD is startng a sick game of WAN and yeah MP still here but he got LS to back em up so fucking get cracking.
 
 They start to crack and break down we got a watcher on that wall who will kick them so hard if not just say nah, Ip man says you're not even worth the SEC he got and that lock we have no key for you don't get to enjoy even though I know you wanted to. Hhey won't be getting drunk on that dock no more laughing it up when all I wanted to start was see a show or two. Make it worse people compaling when they're nobody even kickin their asses awake. They're already having a hell of a time and with the lil ones druink all dayme day etiher pull a scoredhed ether or force em in a little box and wonder what's hapopening . There's real danger with these damn swarn going on. Let get a break damn i know the subscription making you laught all day but we over here with the deaf fucking leading the blind like they going to do something bised walk into a fucking wall. Deaf dues screaming his damn heart out so I know I'm not watching these mother fuckers get swarmed now that's just wrong. Can have their have their big fat pipes like the king even though LA has the CP prople just the DC on the the other coast. We got got deaf pople signen their asses off explaing how he has a great meal eralier and blind dude just smiling saying how tyhat's a great idea. You thinkl they can afford that 802.3ad oh hell na. You guys off with you're fucking heads in the cloud so damn much now while we down here watch ing blind guys now buy digital clothes and couldn't even fucking see it to beigin. Poor fucker can even touch it but he's happy as hell. Those other rich folks know we using our little LAGGS while they bust fucking Watsion out of jepordy hall of fame and these same mother fuckers adn now talking about HeitZner like they were ever great and not sending us shit  all mal formed. Bitch you mother fuckers frame a car well how the fuck is you're shit that bad I'm paying a french moother fucker to at least do something whiel that poor sucker got ass raped and never even thought of making a no-compete clause. Hell even Cisco thought of that while his dumb as running aroung with the flash saying haha you'kl never get that nibblreet of code for free again and I'll prove it's not what you have but how you use it. Well no swhit mother fucker that's why everyone everywhere bases it off you dummy. Instead we on the losing end cause now I can't tab complete at 2 letter is have to type more so thanks for that go have fun in that sandbox while I'm fucking with  to drink being on that dock all day. So why I get to watch them fumble around cahsing eachother and be like yeah that did;t work lets fdo this I get to watch another be like nmayeb we should have stolen that code, my bad have shit you've been drolling over for ever. It'll all work out for sure. It worked out for a fucking stooner saying dude you're go8ing to reach and take over other markets from shit consumer stuff. Why not I'll make the best scraps just like the islands I've made of other OPN shit with dashes of balcked sad poeple just going pf. At least they had sense enough the take out they subit this prblem we can't fix so let's mitigate it with not having it come here and it'll all go away. I'm glad the and then the'lly burrow and we can get even better munkins to stand in front of them. Even if they don't I'm still the champ cause I got my tab game down. Nobody can tab complete a word like I can that's for sure. I don't care you discoverd how to stick that X in the middle and now the 30 million kagillion. I don't even care that hey dude always wanted control and now it doesn't matter so look I made a thing that's like yours. I ain't even mad it's been bloody muder like oh no rwere running out.... and now it's gown. Cuase guess what mother fucker it's back bigger than even and I'll take it. I make the shinest bronze you've ever seen and I'll get those blind moither fuckers to see their budy still screaming his heart out. And even with a swarm you still left us with at least a 100 more tunnels so who's launging. We'll get that transpacby going and take those other 300+ tunnels over and make it to X. Then we're still just way behing caouse that's fine cause  soon we'll be swarmed with little shit we can take up and down. I know peridge farm still remebers the day of a dedi but now it's bare metal and you can give those guys whoe can't even read sutff that's still posted from a decade agao and were going to make two fucking dot and stack em. then do that again and say 1st. Caus then you and all youre little swarm buddies still atin touching my 6 bill I';ll be rich from. I just so who's lauing now.

